README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Caio
🎓 Computer Scientist by degree  
💼 Developer by profession  
✍ Researcher by interest  
🧢 Content creator by hobby  
##

<div> <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@fromcaio" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href="https://instagram.com/fromcaio_" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-%23E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href="https://discord.gg/6fv5Qdpj" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href = "mailto:fromcaio.contato@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-%23333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fromcaio/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> </div>

## Languages and tools

<div>
<!-- Programming Languages -->
<img alt="C" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
<img alt="Solidity" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Shell" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white" />

<!-- Data / AI -->
<img alt="NumPy" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Pandas" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Matplotlib" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-eeeeee?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=blue" />
<img alt="OpenCV" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="OpenMP" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenMP-2C5BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=openmp&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="CUDA" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CUDA-76B900?style=for-the-badge&logo=nvidia&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="pthreads" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pthreads-008080?style=for-the-badge" />
<img alt="MPI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MPI-CC0000?style=for-the-badge" />

<!-- Databases -->
<img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />

<!-- Frameworks -->
<img alt="Express" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
<img alt="Next.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Django" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white" />

<!-- Tools -->
<img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Kubernetes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Google Cloud" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Jupyter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="NeoVim" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Neovim-57A143?style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="VS Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Tmux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tmux-1BB91F?style=for-the-badge&logo=tmux&logoColor=white" />

<!-- OS -->
<img alt="Linux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" />

<!-- Documentation & Writing -->
<img alt="LaTeX" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LaTeX-008080?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Obsidian" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-483699?style=for-the-badge&logo=obsidian&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="UML" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/UML-FAA918?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

## Projects

### 💻 Courses
| Repository | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| [c-course](https://github.com/fromcaio/c-course) | Source code, exercises, and examples from my complete C programming course on YouTube. |

### LaTeX
| Repository | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| [latex-slides-with-menu](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-slides-with-menu) | Slides template with a navigation menu for professional presentations. |
| [latex-doc-template](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-doc-template) | Template for complete software documentation, technical manuals, and structured reports. |
| [latex-article](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-article) | Template designed for usage articles, development reports, and technical write-ups. |
| [latex-academic-thesis](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-academic-thesis) | Comprehensive and customizable template for academic theses and dissertations. |
| [latex-academic-article](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-academic-article) | Template tailored for academic papers, conference submissions, and journal articles. |
| [latex-cv](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-cv) | Clean and professional LaTeX template for creating a CV or résumé. |

Commit message:

Update README with new project sections
Added new project categories for Web, LaTeX, and Systems.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Caio
🎓 Computer Scientist by degree  
💼 Developer by profession  
✍ Researcher by interest  
🧢 Content creator by hobby  
##

<div> <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@fromcaio" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href="https://instagram.com/fromcaio_" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-%23E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href="https://discord.gg/6fv5Qdpj" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href = "mailto:fromcaio.contato@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-%23333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fromcaio/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a> </div>

## Languages and tools

<div>
<!-- Programming Languages -->
<img alt="C" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=Python&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
<img alt="Solidity" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Solidity-363636?style=for-the-badge&logo=solidity&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="CSS3" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Shell" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Shell_Script-121011?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white" />

<!-- Data / AI -->
<img alt="NumPy" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Pandas" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Matplotlib" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-eeeeee?style=for-the-badge&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=blue" />
<img alt="OpenCV" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="OpenMP" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenMP-2C5BB4?style=for-the-badge&logo=openmp&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="CUDA" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CUDA-76B900?style=for-the-badge&logo=nvidia&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="pthreads" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pthreads-008080?style=for-the-badge" />
<img alt="MPI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MPI-CC0000?style=for-the-badge" />

<!-- Databases -->
<img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postgres-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />

<!-- Frameworks -->
<img alt="Express" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB" />
<img alt="Next.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Django" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-092E20?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white" />

<!-- Tools -->
<img alt="Docker" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Kubernetes" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Google Cloud" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_Cloud-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Jupyter" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Jupyter-F37626.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=jupyter&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="NeoVim" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Neovim-57A143?style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="VS Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078d7?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Tmux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tmux-1BB91F?style=for-the-badge&logo=tmux&logoColor=white" />

<!-- OS -->
<img alt="Linux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black" />

<!-- Documentation & Writing -->
<img alt="LaTeX" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LaTeX-008080?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="Obsidian" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-483699?style=for-the-badge&logo=obsidian&logoColor=white" />
<img alt="UML" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/UML-FAA918?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

## Projects

### 🌐 Web & Platforms
| Repository | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| [open-edu-platform](https://github.com/fromcaio/open-edu-platform) | Open-source Next.js platform to simplify publishing rich, interactive content with Markdown + LaTeX + code blocks. |

### 💻 Courses
| Repository | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| [c-course](https://github.com/fromcaio/c-course) | Source code, exercises, and examples from my complete C programming course on YouTube. |

### 📄 LaTeX
| Repository | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| [latex-slides-with-menu](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-slides-with-menu) | Slides template with a navigation menu for professional presentations. |
| [latex-doc-template](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-doc-template) | Template for complete software documentation, technical manuals, and structured reports. |
| [latex-article](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-article) | Template designed for usage articles, development reports, and technical write-ups. |
| [latex-academic-thesis](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-academic-thesis) | Comprehensive and customizable template for academic theses and dissertations. |
| [latex-academic-article](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-academic-article) | Template tailored for academic papers, conference submissions, and journal articles. |
| [latex-cv](https://github.com/fromcaio/latex-cv) | Clean and professional LaTeX template for creating a CV or résumé. |

### ⚡ Systems, Numerical & Optimization
| Repository | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| [numerical-analysis](https://github.com/fromcaio/numerical-analysis) | Jupyter notebooks with explanations and implementations of numerical analysis methods. |
| [fat16-fs-simulator](https://github.com/fromcaio/fat16-fs-simulator) | FAT16 filesystem simulator in C with interactive shell. |
| [simplex-solver](https://github.com/fromcaio/simplex-solver) | Python implementation of the Simplex method (including two-phase). |
| [parallel-computing](https://github.com/fromcaio/parallel-computing) | Parallel algorithms and experiments in C (pthreads, OpenMP, MPI, CUDA). |
